howdy today we're going to learn how to
make cinnamon biscuits using canned
biscuits the first thing we're going to
do is when a preheat our oven to 400
degrees or whatever the temperature says
on the particular brand of biscuits that
you're using mine say 400 so we're
preheating to 400 the next thing we're
going to do is we're going to melt a
healthy amount of margarine or butter
which ever you prefer to use in the
microwave I'm going to put this on from
about 30 seconds and see how it looks
okay now this is good we don't want to
melt it too much because then get really
hot and our fingers are going to be in
it so 30 seconds worked really well for
the amount that I had and then I'll just
mix it up a little bit until I get a
nice smooth even consistency for dipping
our canned biscuits okay what we have
here is a premade cinnamon sugar mix
what I've done is taken cover to a
regular granulated white sugar and then
I poured a healthy amount of powdered
cinnamon in here the amount of cinnamon
will just very on what your taste is I
like mine a little strong and all you
have to do is very simple just get you a
little Tupperware of some sort put your
sugar in dump the cinnamon on top of it
put the lid on make sure it's very
secure and only if do shape and it will
mix beautifully and this can be kept in
the refrigerator for practically forever
I've had this for probably three months
and i'll just keep adding a little bit
as it gets down low okay now we're going
to take our canned biscuits and dip them
in the butter getting nicely coated and
i usually do the butter dipping with one
hand and everything else with the other
now i will take them in two salmon I
kind of rub around on the bottom and I
flip it over and then take a spoon and
just kind of get it up real good around
the size okay
and place it in a pan I've lined with
aluminum foil and have sprayed with a no
stick coating and go back one hand dip
mash around a little bit get good and
coated
shake it off a little bit put it in
there then we'll continue this until
we're done with all the biscuits now
we're going to take our biscuits and
place them in our premium 11 and i'm
going to set the timer for about eight
or nine minutes and check on just a
little bit while that's cooking going to
make some homemade icing okay what we
have here is confectioner sugar or
powdered sugar however you like to call
it I just poured a good healthy amount
in there that's probably about a cup and
a half I would say and I have imitation
vanilla flavoring and I'm gonna pour in
nice decent amount of that then I'm
going to take a spoon and start mixing
it and this is going to take just a
little bit to mix it's going to turn
into a paste okay I've got it mostly
mixed up I'm going to add just a little
bit of squeeze butter in here not very
much at all just a little get that mixed
in there with it we're going to continue
mixing and while you're mixing you want
to kind of mash it down and that helps
break up the lumps it's almost like
folding but a little bit more aggressive
as you can see it's starting to turn
into a dark paste and here we have our
cinnamon biscuits they've risen up
nicely and they've been in there for
just about eight or nine minutes as
we've time and they came out perfect let
them sit for just a second cool okay now
I've gotten this down to a nice smooth
paste this is very very thick as you can
see i'm going to add a very very tiny
amount of milk about that much
I'm going to mix that in with it and
this will thin it out to a more
manageable texture okay now you see
we've got a really nice creamy texture
with this now if yours comes out after
you've added the milk if it turns out
that it's too runny that's fine add some
powdered sugar to it mix it in and when
you're mixing it as I said before always
mash it up as you're doing I just kind
of rotate the bowl a little bit mix it
up like that and it will come out really
creamy because as you match against the
side you're taking all the lumps out of
it and that will make your icing
beautiful now we're going to add a
little bit of our icing to our biscuit
sleep a little spoonful on top slowly
slide it down cover the biscuit and here
we have our finished product our
cinnamon biscuits with homemade icing
using canned biscuits enjoy